[theme tune intro playing]
[digital sputtering and beeping]
-[upbeat synthesizers come in]
-[whooshing]
♪ Here we are ♪
♪ Going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
[computer blipping]
[Yumi] So this thing
can destroy someone under XANA's control?
It isn't a thing, it's an EMP bomb!
[Jeremy] It makes an electromagnetic blast
that affects anything electronic.
And because the pixelated body
of someone under XANA's control
is held together by a force field,
well--
Jeremy, we have a class soon.
Can you give us the cliffnotes version?
[laughter]
Bomb explodes.
Guy under XANA's control, obliterated.
-Great!
-Right.
Except for one little thing.
We haven't come up
with a mini version yet.
[tense music]
[wind howling]
[swooshing]
[rumbling]
[bell rings]
[hums]
What do you know?
Yumi isn't here with you.
Of course! I just saw her with William!
How stupid of me!
You got that right.
[hums]
Why is it whenever you see Sissi,
you feel like being nasty?
Maybe being with someone nasty
rubs off on you.
[beeps]
[Jeremy] An activated tower!
XANA's on the move again.
Too bad for a music class.
Let's go to the factory.
Where do you think you're going?
That's the way to your classroom.
Oh, no…
Well, I have to go to music class
with the others.
Lucky you, we've got chemistry.
[hums]
Visual on the Principal!
[Yumi] Good morning, Mr. Delmas.
We were on our way to class…
Hey! That hurts!
[William] What's the matter, sir?
You can't treat us that way!
-[William] Wait! What are you doing?
-[Yumi groans]
[William groans]
[Yumi] Help!
[Odd groans] Help!
[Yumi groans] Let go of me, sir!
You're hurting me!
Hey, stop!
[Odd and Yumi groan]
-[whirring]
-[engine starts]
[groans]
[engine rumbles]
[William] Hey!
-Yumi!
-William!
[theme music]
[engine rumbling]
-[Nicolas hums]
-[beeps]
[William] Help!
The principal has gone crazy!
He's kidnapped Yumi and Odd!
[flute playing]
-[door slams]
-[Mr. Mirti shrugs]
Delmas has kidnapped
Ishiyama and Della Robbia!
-XANA!
-[students gasp]
[Mr. Mirti] What kind of nonsense is this?
But it's true, sir!
-[Nicolas] He beat up William Dunbar!
-[gasps]
Don't move. I'll be right back.
-[unintelligible chatter]
-[Nicolas] It's incredible.
[moans]
Yumi isn't answering and Odd isn't either.
-[phone rings]
-[Jeremy] A message from XANA!
Aelita at two o'clock in the Ice Sector
to give herself up to the Scyphozoa.
If not, Odd and Yumi will be liquidated.
[gasps]
-We don't have time to lose! Let's go!
-[Jeremy] OK!
I want everybody in their seats!
[unintelligible chatter]
How do people expect us to save the world
if they don't leave us alone?
[unintelligible chatter]
-And quiet down!
-[door slams]
[theme music]
[tense music]
[Yumi shivers]
Where are we?
[teeth chatter]
Given the temperature, I'd say Siberia.
-My cellphone!
-He must have taken them from us.
[Yumi] We have to get out,
before we freeze to death.
-[Odd hums]
-[whirring]
-Mr. Delmas?
-[Mr. Delmas grunts]
-[blasts]
-Odd, are you okay?
Yes, sure I am.
But he's not cooperating with us.
[Jim] Everybody here?
Classes are canceled for the day.
You can go home.
Sissi and William!
The detective
will ask you a few questions.
Hey! What about those guys?
You should question them, too!
They're always scheming with Odd and Yumi!
[Jim] Stern, Belpois and Stones!
Definitely not our day…
[hums]
I wouldn't be surprised
if they knew something about my father!
Come on, you three. Follow me.
-Ready?
-[Jeremy] Go!
What? Hey, come on! Get back here!
[groans]
[grunts]
[pants]
[groans]
[Jim grunts]
[Jim groans] Back here!
-[policeman] We got them!
-[Jeremy and Aelita shout]
I'll handle this.
[crash]
[Jim groans]
-[grunts]
-[metallic clang]
[pants]
[exhales]
[action music]
[pants]
[groans]
-[scrapes]
-[Ulrich grunts]
-[shivers]
-[Odd stutters] My friend is really cold!
Hey, XANA!
Apparently, you plan on keeping us alive,
or you would have already blown us away.
[Yumi shivers]
[hums]
In case you didn't know,
cold can kill us, too!
So, If I were you,
I'd do something about it!
[growls]
-[whirring]
-[beating]
[shivers]
[Yumi shivers and hums]
[Jeremy] Nice going, Sissi.
You really messed up this time.
We're the only ones
who can help your father.
What do you mean?
[stutters] Your father is possessed.
Oh, yes, right,
like in Hospital of Horrors.
[hums]
He's controlled by a demonic entity
who'll make him do unspeakable things.
Well, basically, yes.
[tense music]
[shrugs]
[grunts]
[pants]
[beeps]
-[phone rings]
-[grunts]
Yumi! Are you okay? Where are you?
[whispers]
If you ask me,
we're at the refrigerated warehouses,
-on the wharf… Hey!
-[Mr. Delmas grunts]
[shrugs]
[Mr. Delmas grunts]
-[buzz]
-[grunts]
[moans]
-Yumi, Yumi?
-[phone beeps]
[Ulrich hums]
So, in order to help my father,
you have to go deactivate a tower
in a virtual universe?
That's right.
[shrugs] My last question.
Why should I help a couple
of completely wacko pathological liars?
Keep it down!
[Sissi hums]
It's not us you'll be helping,
it's your father.
You have to trust us! I'm begging you!
-[door opens]
-[detective] Thank you. You can go home.
Elisabeth Delmas, it's your turn.
Jeremy, next time
leave me an instruction manual.
[powering up]
Yes!
[beeps]
It's true that my father's been
acting weird for a while now.
He locks himself
in the basement to tinker around,
and he says strange things.
The other day,
he told me he was fed up with life.
[Sissi] I told him it was natural
for a Principal with a heavy load
to feel that way.
And he started laughing
in a really crazy way
and said that he hadn't decided
where to set it off yet.
And then I also heard him on the phone
saying he'd gotten some material.
I didn't really get what he said.
It sounded like…
-[clicks]
-…"decorators" or "destinators" or--
Detonators?
Yes! That was it!
-[door opens]
-Evacuate the school!
[shrugs]
[giggles]
[theme music]
[pants]
Thanks for trusting us, Sissi.
Don't mention it.
But if your story about a virtual world
-turns out to be phony, you'll regret it!
-[phone rings]
Ulrich, where are you?
[Ulrich] On my way
to the refrigerated warehouses.
I'll try to set Yumi and Odd free.
XANA's ultimatum expires in 15 minutes!
I'll go as fast as I can.
Meet you at the factory.
[pants]
Sissi, what are you doing?
[Sissi] I'm coming with you.
[pants]
Remember, my father's involved in this!
And I want to check out
this virtual world business
-you've been blabbering about!
-Oh, all right.
[pants]
[siren wailing]
Well, I feel like
I'm in a James Bond movie.
XANA doesn't waste time.
The Scyphozoa is waiting for you!
-How much time before the ultimatum is up?
-[Jeremy] Two minutes.
[whirring]
[tense music]
[metallic clang]
[phone rings]
[Jeremy] Hurry! One minute to go.
But there are dozens of cold rooms here.
[tense music]
I should hand myself over
to the Scyphozoa.
No, Ulrich will make it.
[computer beeps]
The ultimatum is up!
-[Aelita gasps]
-[beeps]
-[whirring]
-[grunts]
[shrugs]
[Odd shouts]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[shouts]
Odd!
[Yumi] No, Mr. Delmas, stop!
-[Mr. Delmas grunts]
-[Yumi shouts]
[grunts]
[moans]
[shouts]
[Ulrich] Jeremy, the bomb you made
won't blow away the Principal, will it?
[hums]
Well, theoretically speaking, no…
-[Ulrich] Watch out!
-[scrapes]
-[Mr. Delmas grunts]
-[beeps]
[whirring]
Ulrich, can you hear me?
You said that bomb
fried anything electronic,
so that would mean cellphones, too. Right?
[hums]
I'm such a dork!
-I hadn't thought of that.
-Can we find out if it worked?
My father might be dead by now.
Or in great shape.
-Giving Odd and Yumi a piece of his mind.
-[Aelita moans]
-[Yumi] It worked!
-But it wrecked my mobile.
[groans]
What's going on?
I'll explain on the way.
Let's get to the factory!
-[grunts]
-[whirring]
Oh, no! What rotten luck!
[Sissi hums]
Jeremy?
-[punches]
-[groans]
Nice job.
Where did you learn to punch like that?
I took Pencak Silat classes.
To impress Ulrich, but it didn't work.
-[sad trombone]
-By the way, why'd you ask me to do that?
I have to help Ulrich, Odd and Yumi.
Only I can deactivate the tower
and he would've never let me do it.
[theme music]
Sissi, now!
[shrugs]
Are you sure?
Yes, Sissi. Do it.
-[clicks]
-[door slams]
-[computer beeps]
-[gasps]
[whirring]
[gasps]
[digital whirring]
-[lasers blast]
-[Aelita gasps]
[mechanical footsteps]
[lasers blasting]
[Aelita gasps]
[action music]
[panting]
[rumbling]
Get to the factory. I'll take care of him.
[groans]
[pants]
[gasps]
[moans]
[Aelita screams]
[mechanical footsteps]
[screams]
[scraping]
-[moans]
-[lasers blasting]
[scraping]
-[Aelita moans]
-[lasers blasting]
[scraping]
[Aelita screams]
[moans]
-[blast]
-[Aelita gasps]
[moans]
-[shrieking]
-[Aelita gasps]
[shrieking]
[gasps and moans]
[whirring]
Jeremy? I think there's a problem.
[moans]
My head!
[stutters]
Well, Aelita is there in the video game,
with some kind of giant squid.
[shrugs]
What?
[computer beeps]
Oh, no!
Aelita, are you crazy?
To Lyoko! Fast!
What about my father? Is he all right?
Could be better.
He's outside playing with Ulrich.
[theme music]
[digital whirring]
[grunts]
[whirring]
[Jeremy] Aelita's on the plateau
ahead of you.
Take the tunnel, I'll go straight.
Read you loud and clear, chief!
[Odd] Wow!
[laughs]
Yahoo!
[computer beeps]
Hurry up!
[whirring]
[Aelita moans]
[swooshing]
-[swooshing]
-[blast]
[whirring]
[Aelita moans]
[groans]
-[swooshing]
-[Yumi grunts]
[groans]
[lasers blasting]
-[Aelita moans]
-[rumbling]
Will you be all right?
[nods]
Okay, saddle up!
[Aelita hums]
-[Mr. Delmas grunts]
-[Ulrich groans]
[whirring]
[Jeremy] The activated tower
should be ahead of you.
Watch it, now.
Move it!
Ulrich must be taking a beating up there!
[shrugs]
Sissi?
[tense music]
Jeremy, there's no activated tower here!
The scan picked it up.
It has to be somewhere.
[computer beeps]
The Tarantulas are there.
[Odd] Thanks for the tip!
[shrieks]
[mechanical footsteps]
-[lasers blast]
-[Odd grunts]
[lasers blasting]
[Odd groans]
[Aelita] Look!
It looks like the entrance to an ice cave.
-[whirring]
-[Ulrich groans]
[Sissi shouts] Banzai!
-[Sissi hums]
-[Mr. Delmas groans]
Ulrich, are you okay?
-[rumbles]
-[Odd moans]
[Odd gasps]
-[rumbling]
-[lasers blasting]
[Odd grunts]
[groans]
[whirring]
[shrieks]
[lasers blasting]
[Odd shouts]
[Mr. Delmas grunts]
Daddy, no!
Leave him alone!
[Yumi] Odd, get one of those Tarantulas.
I'll handle the other one.
Okay.
Aelita, jump at the right moment.
-[nods]
-[Jeremy] Hurry! Ulrich is being mastered.
And so is Sissi now.
[Mr. Delmas grunts]
[Sissi moans]
[evil laugh]
[shrieks]
[Odd] Laser arrow!
-[lasers blast]
-[Odd pants]
[Odd] Shield!
Change of plan. You take the controls.
[Yumi groans] Let's go!
-[Yumi groans]
-[swish]
[lasers blasting]
[swooshing]
[grunts]
[shrieks]
-[lasers blast]
-[Yumi groans]
Now!
[Aelita moans]
[swooshing]
[shrieks]
[Aelita moans]
-[Yumi sighs]
-[whirring]
-[lasers blast]
-[Yumi moans]
[moans]
[screams]
[groans]
[Aelita shrugs]
-[hums] Here's the tower!
-[Jeremy] Hurry up!
[Aelita pants]
[whirring]
[beeps]
[ethereal music]
[Sissi] Daddy!
[Ulrich screams]
[ethereal music]
[blipping]
[beeps]
[Mr. Delmas groans]
Daddy!
[Aelita] Tower deactivated.
[swooshing]
[Sissi] Ulrich, are you all right?
Yes, thanks to you. Thanks a lot, Sissi.
[Sissi cries]
-[Sissi] Is he--
-No.
Just knocked out. Don't worry.
What's going to happen to him?
I mean, with the kidnapping and all.
It will be all right.
No one will remember.
[Ulrich] Neither will you.
[Sissi hums]
And you?
[sighs]
I will.
For me, it's not the same.
Okay, then, you'll remember this kiss.
[hums]
[shrugs]
You can go ahead, Einstein.
[Odd] I wonder which is worse,
being blind or seeing this?
See what?
[Jeremy] Return to the past, now!
[whirring]
[powering up]
[upbeat music]
Oh, what do you know?
Yumi isn't here with you.
Of course! I just saw her with William!
How stupid of me!
[Sissi hums]
Ciao!
[hums]
Ulrich, hello!
You're still thinking
about what happened on the bridge?
[Yumi] What happened on the bridge?
Yes, what did happen on the bridge?
Nothing.
Odd…
[hums]
But it's true. Nothing happened.
[bell rings]
Okay, it's time for class.
Something smells really fishy.
[Yumi] What are they hiding?
Don't worry.
I'm sure it's just a boy thing.
[shrugs]
[hums]
[theme music]